there's a world beyond the one we know
where the powers of darkness fear
nothing but what
stop blade
we represent a ruling body of the
vampire nation they're offering you a
truth they want to meet with you you
sure about this
there take us in deeper than we've ever
been now those he has sworn to kill made
his help to fight a new breed of terror
they're no longer top of the food chain
our forces are ready to fight but we
need a leader let me get this right
you want me dad then for you five four
three two one
keep your friends close keep your
enemies closer
don't break down
[Applause]
you have made
Wesley Snipes not know who you are
messing with
blade to
[Music]